Life is Strange - Before the Storm 3D Vision Fix by DarkStarSword


Auto-Convergence
----------------
This fix introduces a brand new feature to automatically adjust the convergence while playing to suit the wide range of camera angles this game has. This feature tries to always maintain a small amount of pop-out to maximise the 3D effect, while preventing excessive popout that could make the scene uncomfortable to view and lowering the convergence when necessary to prevent objects near the camera from obscuring the view of the game.

The auto-convergence feature replaces the traditional meaning of 3D Vision's convergence setting with a "popout" setting, which is similar to convergence, but gives better results with a wider range of camera angles, monitor sizes and viewing distances. The same keys that normally adjust the convergence will adjust the popout instead when auto-convergence is enabled, and the popout value will be displayed on screen while adjusting it.

Occasionally the auto-convergence may start jumping back and forth between high and low convergence. It has countermeasures to automatically detect when this happens and temporarily lock it to the lower convergence to stop it, but if it happens anyway and you find it distracting you can toggle the auto-convergence feature off by pressing ~

This feature has a number of tunable parameters, which can be tweaked by editing the [Constants] section in the d3dx.ini. These tunables include things such as the initial popout, minimum and maximum allowable convergence values, thresholds for how far the convergence is allowed to get away from the target, and threshold for the anti-judder countermeasure.

~: Toggle auto-convergence feature on and off
Ctrl+F5: Reduce popout when auto-convergence is on
Ctrl+F6: Increase popout when auto-convergence is on


Troubleshooting
---------------
If 3D disengages after leaving the game idle for a while, press alt+enter twice to re-enable it.


Like my Work?
-------------
Fixing games takes a lot of time and effort, and I am currently otherwise unemployed largely due to my ongoing battle with mental health issues.

If you are in a position where you are able to do so, please consider supporting me with a monthly donation on Patreon:
   http://patreon.com/DarkStarSword
   http://paypal.me/DarkStarSword
